The American stock exchange. The center of global commerce- trillions of dollars flow through its halls. Suffice to say, should the American Stock Exchange every collapse the USA is doomed.
All of these trades, all of this capital- all of it flows around two centers; New york, and L.A. Once, these trades were done in the halls of massive marble buildings that were managed by hand.
Now, however- it all has changed. Datacenters, massive and sprawling like tumours across the planet- all of that money is transferred through 1s and 0s flipping and turning.
However, this makes it vulnerable. 
The NYSX, mighty as it is, is entirely located in a few key datacenters. One would assume that these datacenters would be spread out, so as to avoid catastrophe.
If one thinks this, they are wrong. See, all of them are located in northernmost new jersey. The reasons for this is numerous: they are close to NYC, thereby allowing faster connections. New jersey subsidised datacenters, and it simply cost less to make them there.
This is a critical flaw, because new jersey is tiny. A single EMP, located at the center of this cluster of datacenters- or maybe a solar flare, could, if strong enough, erase all of the data.
They have dozens of failsafes- emergency switches, backups, etc. However, they fail to account for a truly catastrophic EMP.
One nuclear weapon, above northern new jersey, would cripple the entire american economy. 
Or, perhaps, a custom EMP. A nuclear weapon is mainly used as a bomb, but a machine made specifically to cause destruction against devices and server rooms would be far cheaper- and is less regulated.
--


Now that you have destroyed trillions of dollars, the US government would be scrambling. Fortunately (for them) they can just reimburse the lost money- but that takes time.
With the chaos, you can probably quite easily get to your next target: Silicon valley. The data for the San Francisco stock exchange, now part of nasdaq, will be destroyed. Servers blown up from the voltage, as backup systems come online. 
compared to northern new jersey, silicon valley is far more secure in terms of data owing to its tech-centric industries. As such, there are backups and other servers that the NASDAQ will reroute to in case of one datacenter collapsing.
However, this is not enough to save them. A purpose-made EMP could release more than enough kilovolts per meter to outright blow up the servers. The offices of the many corporations will be caught up too, and the chaos is amplified.

The USA is now effectively paralysed for the next year at least, economically and politically. With BOTH major centers of digital innovation gone, the midwestern AI datacenters will be forced to take it up. This provides a perfect opportunity... for, anything really. Whos going to stop you, random dictator? You just knocked out the biggest threat. Even china, for all its posturing, lacks the long-range projection- though in short range they are unparralleled. THey are also blocked by a ring of unfriendly countries.
So, you are basically free to... Do whatever the hell you do as a psychotic dictator. 


